Docs: changes in markdown files, cleanup (#317)
OpenVisualCloud/Media-Communications-Mesh: ffmpeg-plugin/README.md

# FFmpeg plugin for Media Communications Mesh

![Media Communications Mesh FFmpeg Plugins](../docs/_static/ffmpeg-plugins-media-communications-mesh-1.webp)

## Build

### Prerequisites

Install dependencies and build Media Communications Mesh as described in the top level README.md, paragraph "Basic Installation".

### Build flow

> 1. Clone the FFmpeg repository (Release 7.0 by default) and apply FFmpeg patches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the FFmpeg repository (Release 7.0 by default) and apply patches
```

## Example – Run video transmission

> This example demonstrates sending a video file from the 1st FFmpeg instance to the 2nd FFmpeg instance via Media Communications Mesh and then stream it to a remote machine via UDP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates sending a video file from the 1st FFmpeg instance to the 2nd FFmpeg instance via Media Communications Mesh, then streaming it to a remote machine via UDP.
```
